1.	Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2


HTTP1.1:

(1). The first usable version of HTTP was created in 1997.
         (2). This first version of HTTP was called HTTP1.1. 
(3). This version is still in use on the web.

HTTP2:

(1). In 2015, a new version of HTTP called HTTP2 was created.
(2). HTTP/2 solves several problems than HTTP2.
(3). It is much faster and more efficient than HTTP1.1
(4). It is faster is in how it prioritizes content during the loading process.


2.	Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript

Objects, in JavaScript, are the most important data type and form the building blocks for modern JavaScript. These objects are quite different from JavaScript’s primitive data types (Number, String, Boolean, null, undefined, and symbol) in the sense that these primitive data types all store a single value each (depending on their types).

4.	Read about IP address, port, HTTP methods, MAC address
	
IP ADDRESS:
An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a unique numerical identifier for every device or network that connects to the internet. 

PORT:
A port number is a way to identify a specific process to which an internet or other network message is to be forwarded when it arrives at a server.

HTTP METHODS:
HTTP defines a set of request methods to indicate the desired action to be performed for a given resource.

GET
The GET method requests a representation of the specified resource. Requests using GET should only retrieve data.

HEAD
The HEAD method asks for a response identical to a GET request, but without the response body.

POST
The POST method submits an entity to the specified resource, often causing a change in state or side effects on the server.

PUT
The PUT method replaces all current representations of the target resource with the request payload.

DELETE
The DELETE method deletes the specified resource.

CONNECT
The CONNECT method establishes a tunnel to the server identified by the target resource.

OPTIONS
The OPTIONS method describes the communication options for the target resource.

TRACE
The TRACE method performs a message loop-back test along the path to the target resource.

PATCH
The PATCH method applies partial modifications to a resource.

MAC ADDRESS:
A MAC (Media Access Control) address, sometimes referred to as hardware or physical address is a unique, 12-character alphanumeric attribute that is used to identify individual electronic devices on a network. An example of a MAC address is: 00-B0-D0-63-C2-26.






